---
tags:
  - BurningWheel
  - sessionNotes
  - BurningSeas
---
# 20231121 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** *[[Jerica]] is swept up with the rebels as they escape from the Navy ambush.  Now she's trapped in their hideout.*
- When the rebels return to their hideout, the leader counts the group and is about to notice [[Jerica]] there.

> [!success] Stealthy - Ob 1 (BL to 2) 
> Jerica ducks out of the lamplight to avoid being spotted by the leader while he examines the group.

- The group singles out Stevens (the undercover), the leader mentions that he knows the other guys a lot better than he knows Stevens and that makes him uncomfortable.
- The leader, Hank, gives a speech about the other members of the group and how long he's known them while preparing a gun to shoot Stevens with.
- [[Jerica]] steps out to distract Hank from shooting Stevens.   She reveals her identity to the group.
- Hank questions how she could stop them from pursuing their goals, knowing what she knows.
	- He also mentions that he reported the missing men to the Watch, but that no one did anything.
- Joe, a drinking buddy of [[Jerica]], recognizes her immediately.  He suggests that Jerica could raid the ship in an official capacity.
	- [[Jerica]] makes up a bunch of excuses, but ends up hooked on the following dilemma:
		- The leader will go with Jerica to speak to [[Captain Thomas Gavell]] about raiding the ship.
		- The remainder of the gang will stay and shoot Stevens if they don't return in the allotted time.

> [!success] Inconspicuous - Ob 1 
> Jerica deploys effective subtext which Gavell picks up on, allowing them to fool Hank about how much Jerica knows about the cargo.

- [[Jerica]] and [[Captain Thomas Gavell|Gavell]], playing for time, head up to investigate the ship.
	- They rapidly discuss plans, [[Jerica]] reveals as little as she can (there's human cargo on the ship, no detail on what it's for.)
	- They request to see the manifest, which is in order.
	- Then they ask to see into the cargo hold.  The Captain is nervous as shit about what they're going to say about the fuck-off suspicious crate in the hold.
- [[Jerica]] ultimately decides that the safety of her crew and family is worth more than the people in the hold, and she allows them to be taken away.
- She proceeds to tell Hank that there are no people in the hold, and that they must have been moved

> [!fail] Falsehood - Ob 3 
> She tells Hank that the people he's searching for aren't on board the ship.  Hank can tell from her face she's lying, and she can tell he doesn't believe her.

- Hank waits until they're away from the navy to pull a gun on [[Jerica]] and take her to task for her obvious lie.  [[Jerica]] tries to argue back but finds herself tongue-tied.

> [!fail] Steel - Ob 5 
> Jerica fails the steel test by 2, she is left dumbstruck when Gavell arrives to protect her from Hank.

- Once the guard arrives, Hank has to make a Steel test in turn, which he fails.  [[Jerica]] takes his gun away.  He takes them back to the warehouse and hands over Stevens without incident.