**Strong Start:** It's been two days and the Navy still hasn't returned [[Cornelius Marsh Jr|Marsh Jr]]
- [[Jerica]] attempts to get into the [[Lord Admiral Mason|Lord Admiral]]'s office to talk to him about Marsh.  The guards rebuffed her saying "The Lord Admiral isn't taking visitors right now"
	- Jerica decides to attempt to persuade the guard to let her through.  She passes, and Mason informs her that she has been assigned a new gunner because Marsh is getting promoted and reassigned.
- Jerica refuses to take the new gunner, and instead gets Westley to show her where they're keeping Marsh Jr.
	- She gets Marsh to open up to her about the problem.  He admits that he took the promotion to avoid his family's assets and land being seized in the investigation into [[Doctor Cornelius Marsh|Doctor Marsh]]
	- Jerica tells Marsh that she is going to meet with Mason and try to get him to reconsider.
- Jerica returns to Mason's office and demands to see him, this time, she is admitted.
	- Mason takes no shit from her, and when she suggests that her replacement gunner didn't arrive he orders the gunner arrested for dereliction.
	- Jerica then admits that she lied.
	- Mason really lets her have it, reminding her that in all this he is Lord Admiral and she should follow orders.
	- Jerica notices during this uncharacteristic tirade that Mason appears very tired.  She uses this as a segue to try and convince Mason that he's being unreasonable due to his exhaustion.
		- She fails to convince Mason (losing a Deeds point in the process), so he doubles down and orders her out of his office.  Marsh is going to Graham House.
	- What Jerica doesn't see is the books of odd lore written in forgotten tongues open on the Lord Admiral's desk.  The page open shows the eye of the Thing from Barbury.
- Fields is still drinking heavily to avoid thinking about the [[Ancient Beast|Thing Beneath the Island]].
- Mason's Commander offers his apologies and says that he didn't know that Mason intended to keep Marsh.
#sessionNotes 