**Strong Start:** punish innocents > lynwood's stamp > hurt jerica...brain hurty

- Jerica interacts with a random guard who is waking homeless by dumping water on them.  He says that his method is "less cruel than the norm" and that he "appreciates the plight of the poor"
- [[Jerica]] grabs [[Captain Thomas Gavell]] and heads to the Tradewinds game at [[Admiral Hale]]'s that weekend.
	- Admiral Hale has a private conversation with Jerica about the state of her land (and the way that she seems to be building a very anti-establishment holding).  She deflects, and they share a laugh while understanding each other perfectly.
	- He takes her to his Trophy Room where he shows off weapons from famous pirates he's fought and killed.  He points at an empty spot on the wall and comments about how sad he was not to have been able to claim Captain Sumner's (Jerica's mentor in the Navy) weapon after Hale had killed him.
		- Lysa suggests that Jerica has probably hidden Sumner's weapons somewhere rather than letting them fall into navy hands.
	- He keeps her for about 45 minutes while she attempts to fawn on him a bit (Soothing Platitudes).  She fails the test and Hale thinks a little less of her for her maladroit political gamesmanship.
	- She gets knocked out of the game early (beaten by Lynwood again).  After the game she notes that none of the other captains want to engage her in conversation.  When she attempts to, they glance at Lynwood and then make excuses to depart.
- After the party Captain Gavell takes [[Westley Gibson]] and Jerica to a "new wine bar" that ends up being an opium den.
	- Opium is not illegal in the Pantelleria, but it is very expensive.
- Jerica decides to throw a party "to show all the other captains that she's one of them" and to take their minds off of her plan to make her landhold independent.
> [!info]- Tags
> #sessionNotes #BurningSeas #BurningWheel 

