- [[Jerica]] hosts a gathering on the deck of the Harrier for the crews of the Harrier and the Kestrel.
	- [[Westley Gibson]], [[Captain Thomas Gavell]] are both in attendance
- Jerica pulls [[Cornelius Marsh Jr]] aside to tell him that [[Doctor Cornelius Marsh]] is dead.
	- He doesn't take it super well
	- He realizes this means that his family name will be ruined, the Navy will take the family house and all of his father's research.  Additionally, he notes that he's likely to be arrested and interrogated.
	- Jerica says she won't let him be arrested
- Jerica and Westley have a tiff over her history with Fields
- Jerica takes Gavell for a walk to get to know him
	- They run into Mason's Marine Captain who presents a warrant for the arrest of Marsh Jr.
	- Jerica tries unsuccessfully to get the warrant canceled ("If you have a problem with my orders, you know who to complain to")
	- She agrees to have Marsh on the ship at 10a the next morning.
- Jerica talks with Gavell and gains some insight into his motivation
- She tells Marsh that he's due to be arrested in the morning.  He goes quietly.
- Jerica and Westley continue to reconcile.  Westley apologizes for making Jerica feel like he was ashamed of her.  Claims that he was worried that his father would disown him or hurt her for loving him.
- At 10 the next morning the Marines come and arrest Marsh Jr
- [[Marcus Fields]] is incredibly hungover.  He's drinking hard to try and avoid the bizarre dreams you get from being in close proximity to an **Ancient Beast**
