---
tags:
  - BurningWheel
  - sessionNotes
  - BurningSeas
---
# 20231107 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** *Rebels are preparing to attack the ship containing the prisoners.  [[Jerica]] is attempting to lay low amongst the crewmen.**
- Stressed about the [[Graham House]] prisoners in the hold, and not sure how best to proceed, [[Jerica]] gets blind-drunk and gets herself thrown off the ship for disrespecting the boatswain.

> [!fail] Forte - Ob 2 
> [[Jerica]] ends up too drunk to think straight.

> [!fail] Seamanship - Ob 1 
> [[Jerica]] is unable to do her duties while drunk.

- She decides to go to see [[Lord Admiral Mason]] while still very drunk (though sobered by her dip in the drink).  Once there, she is denied entry to the fort by the guards on duty.  She wants to locate someone who will vouch for her so she can go in.

> [!success] Circles - Ob 3 
> [[Westley Gibson]] is walking into the fort while [[Jerica]] is trying to argue her way in.  He takes responsibility and invites her to follow him to Mason.

- [[Westley Gibson]] takes her to [[Lord Admiral Mason]], who has taken to the sea in a small sloop called *The Cormorant*.  He leaves them alone to talk.  [[Jerica]] proposes a plan to move the prisoners to a different ship and leave a trap for the dissidents.
	- Mason decides to use [[Captain Thomas Gavell]]'s crew who are in the fort to help reinforce the package so that it can be delivered.  He commands [[Jerica]] to round up some undercovers to support him if needed.

> [!success] Speed - Ob 1 
> [[Jerica]] knows the streets inside and out and easily makes good time across town, giving her time to plan before the evening's violence.

- [[Captain Thomas Gavell]] arrives with a squad of soldiers.  They deliberately arrive very obviously,  hoping to scare off the rebels.
- He and [[Jerica]] have a brief conversation about the plan and other things.
- 
