**Strong Start:** Jerica and Gavell uncover a stash of food and medicine held by the rebels.  It belongs to the Navy and is stolen, but the people here need it.
- (Prior to the Start) - [[Jerica]] and [[Captain Thomas Gavell|Gavell]] encounter a small fishing boat rigged with cannons in a farce of a navy ship.  They easily overcome it and take its crew prisoner.  The crew reveals that their families are on a nearby island (where Gavell has just gone to hunt rebels.)
- Gavell finds a cache of stolen food and medicine in a hole behind the village along with some weapons and powder
- the villagers know that it is there and have been eating the supplies since their agriculture is failing
- Gavell wants to arrest the villagers for unauthorized possession of Naval Property.  Jerica obviously has a problem with it.
	- **Test** - Determine an appropriate punishment within the naval code that is advantageous to the villagers.  Ob 2 **Pass**
- Jerica determines an alternative crime, *Failure to Report Discovered Naval Property*, for which the crime is a small fine.
- Jerica decides that the population of the village should be transferred to her lands where they will be able to live without paying taxes.
	- The villagers arrive with no supplies or tools, Jerica will need to supply them
- [[Keiran]] the Headman is nervous about something, and also reveals to Jerica that the [[Admiralty Board]] has ordered an inspection of her holdings in two days
	- [[Admiral Lynwood|Lynwood]] requested the inspection as a way of sticking it to Jerica.
	- Keiran has never seen an inspection in his lifetime
- Keiran is also concerned because his brother, a high ranking rebel, has holed up in the barn with his squad.
	- Jerica decides to find a place to hide them while the inspector is on the land.
- Jerica sends a letter to Westley for help with the inspection,  knowing it will not reach him in time.  She also asks him to help find someone to structure more of the swamp for houses for the refugees.
- **META** we rolled a DoF to determine whether or not [[Vizzini]] might be here.  He is not.
- Jerica decides to have [[Peyton]] sail the [[Harrier]] back to [[Port Armadel]].
- Jerica has [[Grim]] look over  the wounded.  One is likely to die of gangrene, the second has been in an explosion recently but might pull through, and one is probably going to be fine.
	- Jerica considers having the wounded taken to [[Jeremy Roberts]] in the city, but realizes that if he's caught providing medical assistance to a rebel that he would be hanged.
- Keiran calls a village meeting to distract people so that Jerica can move the rebels into the swamp.
- 