# 20230905 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** The Admiralty Board has called Jerica into the Fort two weeks after the investigation of [[Baldur Vidar]]'s workshop.  Rumors continue to swirl about unrest among the dockworkers and Lynwood wants Jerica to help put a stop to it (Lynwood actually wants her to refuse orders so that he can punish her).
- [[Jerica]] visits [[Vizzini]] after her meeting with the admirals to get a list of soldiers who have been given orders to assist her in capturing any rebels hiding amongst the dockworkers and other lower class folks.
- [[Jerica]] has also been issued a building for her use in the area until the case is resolved.
- [[Jerica]] has a run-in with [[Admiral Lynwood]] outside of the Secretary's office.  They trade barbs per usual.
- She heads to [[The Cat]] and discusses her plans with [[Peyton]] and [[Mrs Sutherland]].  She asks Sutherland to spread the word that she's hunting rebels, so they will stay away.
  > [!fail] Perception - Ob 3 
> Soldiers loyal to [[Admiral Lynwood]] get close enough to see some of this interaction before [[Jerica]] sees them.
- The younger of the two (Campbell) whips out a notebook to document what he sees.  [[Jerica]] warns him of the dangers of looking like a navalman down near the docks.
  > [!question] Observation - Ob 1 
> [[Jerica]] spots a beggarly looking type skulking nearby, but he disappears before she can stop him.  He seemed to have an undue interest in the two soldiers.  Jerica surmises that they've been made and she quickly takes them back to the upper city.

> [!fail] The Docks-Wise - Ob 2 
> [[Jerica]] doesn't recognize the beggar.

- [[Jerica]] briefs the rest of the soldiers and has them arrive at the hideout in small group so as to avoid attention.  She attempts to lead Campbell and his friend by a wide and circuitous route to make it harder for them to tell [[Admiral Lynwood]] where she is based.
  > [!fail] The Docks-Wise - Ob 2 
> The warehouse is on a main street, which is difficult to conceal from Campbell.
- The warehouse is well-appointed for stakeout work, with sleeping arrangements and food for the 12 soldiers, [[Jerica]] and [[Peyton]].
- [[Peyton]] brings [[Jerica]] a bag of coin (4 Cash Dice) that he found among the naval supplies.


> [!info]- Tags
> #BurningWheel #BurningSeas #sessionNotes 

