- Westley and Jerica walk for a bit
	- [[Jerica]] reveals to [[Westley Gibson|Westley]] that she put him forward to **Mason** as a candidate for the [[Admiralty Board]]
	- Westley mentions that his father would hate him being with Jerica, but he says he doesn't care what the old man thinks
- Jerica visits the Infirmary to visit [[Admiral Lynwood]] (to murder him)
	- Lynwood will likely lose a leg at least, but the doctor thinks he will live
	- Jerica decides to sit with him for a bit.
	- Jerica checks to see if she's being watched.  She doesn't see it, but one of the doctors is nearby and can see what's happening.
	- She decides to wait and not force-feed him the poison in front of everyone.  Her plan is to leave the bottle for him to drink (it's disguised as beer) when he wakes up, but a doctor advises her to take the drink with her as he'll only be drinking water for a while.
- Jerica talks with [[Grim]] about what it would take to make sure Lynwood doesn't leave the hospital
	- Grim is suspicious of Jerica's weird evasiveness and pushes the truth out of her.
	- In the supply closet, she tells all and asks for Grim's help.
	- He points out that this could easily be a trap set by the Lord Admiral to get her out of the way.
	- When she tells him that she intends to kill Lynwood to get Westley the promotion, he responds "If you're killing men for a promotion now, the Navy suits you better than I ever thought."
- She joins [[Captain Thomas Gavell]] aboard the Kestrel and reunites with [[Peyton]]'s brother Aldrich.
	- She's surprised that Gavell was made captain and not Aldrich, and he tells her that he couldn't afford officer school.