---
tags:
  - BurningWheel
  - sessionNotes
  - BurningSeas
---
# 20230919 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** [[Jerica]] returns to [[Westley Gibson]]'s house.  She overhears Gibson Sr. yelling at Westley about "the common whore he's keeping around" amid threats to disown Westley if he doesn't break things off with [[Jerica]].
- [[Jerica]] slips out of the Gibson House without attracting attention (leaving a note with Eustace to explain where she's gone)
- She also visits [[Marcus Fields]] and finds him (as usual) sopping drunk.  He tells her that he's been given an ultimatum by the Admiralty board, either sober up or be fired.  He seems confident that he will be fired.
- During their discussion [[Marcus Fields]] reveals that at least part of his drinking problem is rooted in [[Jerica]] rejecting him for [[Westley Gibson]].
> [!fail] Persuasion - Ob 6 
> [[Jerica]] attempts to convince [[Marcus Fields]] that giving up drinking would help with his chances of getting fired.  She tries to talk him down but discovers that talking to an alcoholic on a bender is effectively useless.
- [[Jerica]] decides to head back to Westley's to see if she can get some tea and a blanket for a very drunk [[Marcus Fields]] and returns just in time to see the argument end.
- [[Westley Gibson]] tells her that he has renounced his family so that they could be together.  As a result he has to move out of his house and all that.
- [[Jerica]] recommends buying a house near [[Jeremy Roberts]].  It wouldn't be a mansion, but it would be better than nothing, she says.
- She ends up spending the whole night outside before returning to the hideout at dawn.  [[Admiral Lynwood]]'s men will note that she's been gone all night.
> [!success] Inconspicuous - Ob 2 
> Jerica spends the day among the workers on the whaling docks.  She gets to know the men while not drawing undue attention to herself.  As a result, the dockworkers are more comfortable having her around and the two soldiers with her get some experience in undercover work.
- 
