- [[Jerica]] confronts [[Doctor Cornelius Marsh]] in the Magical Labs beneath Storm Base.  At the end of last session, she tricked him into wasting his pistol shot before jumping on him
- In a single exchange, Jerica deals him a B7 wound and he chooses to Fall Prone and Beg
- After said begging, he tries to ignite the stockpile of Alchemist's Fire, Jerica spots it and prevents him from doing so.
- The marines win their fight in the main harbor and take possession of [[Doctor Cornelius Marsh|Marsh]].
	- The Commander just wants to do him in immediately, but Jerica suggests interrogating him first to ensure that they've collected all of his secrets.
	- Marsh tells Jerica that [[Storm Base]] also has an [[Ancient Beast]] beneath it.  This one is more awake, appears to be female, and had a liking for [[Baldur Vidar]].
	- The best research on the creature was taken to an undisclosed location
	- Jerica kills Marsh and then faints from shock.
- When she comes to, [[Lord Admiral Mason]] congratulates her for executing Marsh and says "We'll make an officer out of you yet."
- Jerica returns to the Harrier and tries to rest.  The navy continues executing prisoners.
- Jerica gives Mason a full report on the second Beast.
- Mason reveals his concern that the Navy is full of selfish nobles using the Navy for their own ends.
	- This is why [[Admiral Lynwood]] was chosen to lead the charge.  Mason hoped he would die.
	- He casually suggests (subtly) the Jerica might murder Lynwood while he convalesces to get Westley a promotion to the Board.
- Mason gives Jerica command of [[Captain Thomas Gavell]] and the [[Kestrel]] to hunt down remaining rebels.
- Jerica decides to attempt to poison [[Admiral Lynwood|Lynwood]]
- On her way to the infirmary to visit said Admiral, she meets [[Westley Gibson|Westley]] and attempts to reconcile with him.
	- She decides to postpone the murder to walk with Westley for a bit
	
#sessionNotes 