---
tags:
  - BurningWheel
  - sessionNotes
  - BurningSeas
---
# 20240123 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** [[Jerica]] Returns to [[Marcus Fields]] to tell him about the new shipments of men being sent to [[Barbury Island]]
- [[Jerica]] sends a letter to [[Admiral Lynwood]] indicating that she's pulling the plug on the undercover operation due to their cover being blown.
- When she arrives at [[Marcus Fields|Marcus's]], she finds him wandering the house in nothing but his coat.  She encourages him to put pants on.
	- [[Jerica]] attempts the [[20230919|same old spiel]] to convince [[Marcus Fields]] to quit the drink.  Per *Let it Ride*, this is doomed to failure without new stakes.
	- She asks him what it would take to get him to give up on the liquor.  He tells her to "tell me you love me, and that it should have been me and not [[Westley Gibson|Westley]]"
	- She says she did, but that he had been gone too long and she chose Westley.
	- He tells her in turn that memories of her were the only thing that kept him going in the mines, and that without hope of being with her, he couldn't resist the [[Ancient Beast]]'s call.
> [!fail] Persuasion - Ob 7 
> A Vs Persuasion Test against [[Marcus Fields|Marcus]].  She wants him to find something new to live for and quit drinking.  He wants her to choose him and give him a reason to live for.
> Jerica convinces him to quit the drink, but kisses him.
- Marcus cleans all the liquor out of his house.  It might take awhile, but he's on the road to being clean.
- Upon learning that [[Jerica]] had seen prisoners being taken by a [[Graham House]] wagon, he immediately decides to take the [[Indomitable]] out after the merchant ship and capture it to protect the civilians on board.
	- After rescuing the civilians from the ship, Marcus announces his intent to send the ship to the bottom with all hands.  Jerica recoils at this, stating that the crew is innocent in this matter and should be spared.
	- Marcus fights her on it, pointing out that if anyone survives and tells Mason that they'd both definitely be killed.
	- Jerica, leaning on their fledgling relationship, convinces Marcus to let the crew get away if she can convince them to not tell.
> [!fail] Intimidation - Ob 3
> **Fork:** Command
> Jerica tries to scare the sailors of the merchant ship to ensure their silence.  After she's spoken with them, she can't be sure if they believe her.
> Jerica decides not to risk it, and asks Marcus to sink the ship with everyone aboard.
- The prisoners had no idea they were taken by the Navy, believing themselves to have fallen victim to traffickers.
- [[Jerica]] talks up [[Marcus Fields|Marcus]] to the refugees, hoping that it might help later.
- [[Marcus Fields]] and [[Jerica]] check themselves into the ship's infirmary to undergo the promised detox
- Offscreen, [[Westley Gibson]] argues with a scientist from [[Project Leviathan]].  [[Lord Admiral Mason]] is in a bed, unconscious, hooked up to strange machines.
- The scientist explains that the machine isn't working because it doesn't have enough power.
- Without explaining what the power is (preserving Westley's innocence a few moments longer), the scientist promises that it will arrive not knowing that the cargo has been removed from play.
- **Note:** Without the last people to charge the crystal heart of the machine with, Mason will not survive his illness.