---
tags:
  - 7thSea
  - sessionNotes
  - Saoirse
---
# 20230914 Session Notes
**Location:** Rakhill House, [[Avalon]]
*After [[Rafe Gage]] is taken prisoner by [[Mr Morton]], [[Saoirse]] has come to the home of [[Androw Rakhill]]'s descendants hoping to find information on where the artifacts taken by Rakhill might have ended up.*

**Guiding Cards**: The Beggar, Knight of Cups, Reunion (R), **Mid Session** - Ace of Coins

- [[Saoirse]] and [[Gustav]] go through 
- **Risk** - Escaping Rakhill House
	- Consequences
		- 3 Wounds
		- ~~2 Raises - Avoid being touched by the spirits in the attic~~
		- ~~Prevent Regina from being touched by the spirits~~
		- ~~Escape the House before the doors are sealed by the spirits~~
- After the group leaves the house the furor immediately dies down and Regina re-enters the house.
- On the road back to the nearest village, she is accosted by a highwayman and his gang.  They say they have come to kill "Frances Mereworth"
	- [[Gustav]] uses **Staredown** to convince them to think better of this plan.
- [[Saoirse]] heads home as quickly as possible only to find it ransacked, [[Connor Cobbler]] kidnapped and [[Egis Loneur]] shot and wounded on the stairwell.
- Knowing that [[Baronet Bartram Sumner]] has taken her brother, she immediately goes to confront him at Fort Rakhill.
	- She discovers that he is out to lunch, and follows him to his favorite restaurant
- She approaches him aggressively on the street outside of the restaurant.  He pretends not to recognize her outside of her disguise.
- After a brief altercation, [[Baronet Bartram Sumner|Sumner]] practically admits to the kidnapping but points out that if he's killed she can't possibly find her brother.  As he mocks her and leaps into his carriage, she leaps after him.
- In the carriage, [[Baronet Bartram Sumner|Sumner]]  offers to let Connor go free if [[Saoirse]] kills whoever set her against him ([[Mr Morton]]).
- [[Saoirse]] agrees to the bargain in order to buy time (72 hours) to find Connor.
- Returning home, [[Saoirse]] finds [[Egis Loneur]] and [[Gustav]] searching the house for clues.
- [[Saoirse]] summons [[Mr Morton]] who extracts another future favor from her in exchange for discovering [[Connor Cobbler|Connor's]] location.
- [[Saoirse]] checks in with [[Rafe Gage]] in Faerie.  He tells her that he has confirmed that [[Androw Rakhill]] might be the most prolific artefact hunter in recent history, and realizes that Rakhill is probably using an emptied [[Syrneth]] ruin as his base.  He is working on finding the exact location. 
- **26 Days Remain** until [[Rafe Gage|Rafe's]] soul is bound to Faerie
- [[Mr Morton]] leaves a note directing [[Saoirse]] to an old shipping dock outside the city proper.