---
tags:
  - 7thSea
  - sessionNotes
  - egis
---
# 20230910 Session Notes
**Location:** [[Lady Genevieve]]'s house | Chareuse, Montaigne
*[[Gaspard]] has brought [[Olivain]] to the city before immediately dumping his friend on the young noble's betrothed.  [[Olivain]] took her around while he did his chores and then returned to the manor hoping that [[Gaspard]] had returned.*
## Notes
- [[Gaspard]] reveals to [[Olivain]] that he has been secretly seeing a commoner, which is why he had to be in Chareuse today.
- [[Olivain]] jokingly suggests that he marry the commoner and then he and [[Gaspard]] could swap.  [[Gaspard]] has taken this very seriously.  [[Olivain]] is concerned.
- [[Gaspard]] leaves by jumping off the balcony to go and see his lover.
- The next morning, the group goes out again.  [[[Olivain]] is on [[Lady Genevieve]]'s Maid's bad side after a series of lewd jokes at her expense.
- [[Gaspard]]'s lover turns out to be the cloth merchant Antoinette who [[Olivain]]  met at the Bezieu fair.
- [[Olivain]] spends the day making [[Gaspard]] jealous by taking Antoinette around with them.  He can't complain because [[Lady Genevieve]] is with him and he doesn't want her to know that he loves someone else.
- At dinner, [[Olivain]] pulls [[Gaspard]] aside and gets him to admit what [[Olivain]] already knows to be true (about Antoinette).  He does, and then slumps into a despair that he won't be able to be with the woman he loves AND keep his privileged life.
- Antoinette is feeling pretty flirty (she's angry that [[Gaspard]] is courting [[Lady Genevieve]] after he said that he wouldn't) and is getting a bit handsy with [[Olivain]]