---
tags:
  - BurningWheel
  - sessionNotes
  - BurningInns
---
# 20230907 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** [[Cassandra]] meets her uncle again while [[Melanion]] does politics
- Cassandra is waffling on whether to knock on the door when it opens.  She is shocked, but identifies herself as the daughter of Ieria to her Uncle Zografikis and he invites them in.
	- He hasn't seen her in nearly 20 years (her father never brought her to Enkavma after her mother died)
	- He agrees to let [[Cassandra]] stay, but warns her that he has no hospitality to offer; times are lean.
- [[Melanion]] is invited to an afternoon meal with Syntrofos with [[Phaedra]], they are accompanied by the Exarch's guard.
	- Syntrofos has laid out his table to keep the ruined city in sight at all times, and laid out a spread that shows wealth, but also restraint and a sympathy for the plight of the people.
	- They discuss the state of the city, and Syntrofos asks [[Melanion]] to get the Archmage to investigate Zartanalos and drive him from the City.
> [!success] Legends-Wise - Ob 1 
> [[Melanion]] remembers tales of the Archmages of the past judging those who abuse magic.

> [!success] Persuasion - Ob 5 
> [[Melanion]] convinces Syntrofos to take a stand and start rallying the city senators into overruling the Exarch's edict that prevents the Archmage from assisting the people of the city.
- The gang arrives for dinner with the Exarch and Zartanalos.  [[Melanion]] wants to get [[Cassandra]] alone to talk about what he's realized (that he caused [[TrokosNPCs#^534e8f|Exarch Andros]] to murder the [[TrokosNPCs#^b111eb|Archon]])
> [!success] Family-Wise - Ob 2 
> [[Cassandra]] reads [[Perseus]]' feelings to see how he's holding up since the events in [[Kentriko]].  He's clearly internalizing a lot of guilt.

> [!fail] Read - Ob 1 
> [[Melanion]] is unable to quickly and silently read the seat cards at dinner and nearly sits in the wrong seat

> [!fail] Perception - Ob 3 
> [[Cassandra]] doesn't see the look of desperation and hope flashing in Zartanalos' eye when she says "those with power should always help others"
- 