---
tags:
  - BurningWheel
  - sessionNotes
  - BurningInns
---
# 20231102 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** [[Melanion]] corners [[Cassandra]] to discuss the fact that he unknowingly pushed the [[TrokosNPCs#^534e8f|Exarch of Trokos]] to kill the [[TrokosNPCs#^b111eb|Archon]]
- [[Melanion]] opens up to [[Cassandra]] about how he feels responsible for [[TrokosNPCs#^b111eb|the Archon's]] death.
	- [[Cassandra]] decides not to tell him about how she could have helped the Archon after [[TrokosNPCs#^d96a6d|Skata]] stabbed him.  He wants to know whether he should tell [[Phaedra]]
- [[Cassandra]] wants to get necessary food and supplies to the people.
	- [[Melanion]] suggests convincing [[Enkavma]] to turn to [[Trokos]] in this time of need.  [[Cassandra]] counters by stating that the Enkavmans will never accept food from Trokos.
- Before leaving with the rest of the group to help drunken [[Perseus]] and Phaedra home, [[Sebastian]] asks [[Cassandra]] whether she will be safe without him.  She attempts to lie and tell him that she's not going anywhere.

> [!fail] BL Falsehood - Ob 3 
> [[Cassandra]] leaves [[Sebastian]] concerned that she is going to do something foolish.  He resolves to return to the uncle's home as quickly as possible so that he can protect her as he has sworn to do.

- [[Melanion]] attempts to convince [[Sebastian]] to let him know before the Archmage does something reckless.

> [!fail] Persuasion - Ob 6 
> [[Sebastian]] takes offense to the suggestion that he should be providing information to [[Melanion]] about [[Cassandra]]'s movements.  He suggests that his duty is to follow 'his commander' through blood and darkness, and that to question her will was foolish.

- Back at the house, [[Cassandra]] and [[Biblio]] have a brief conversation about influence in politics
	- Biblio is old enough to remember the last Archmage.  He says "Every day you don't use your own influence, someone is using it on your behalf."
	- She tells him that she's planning to sneak out and see [[EnkavmaNPCs#^18acb3|Zartanalos]].  He agrees immediately to take her.
- Melanion and the rest of the group are stopped by a group of homeless intent on robbery.

> [!fail] Trouble-Wise - Ob 4 
> [[Phaedra]] attempts to help [[Melanion]] to defuse things, but ends up being grabbed by one of the thugs before Melanion could stop him.

> [!fail] Ugly Truth - Ob 1 
> [[Melanion]] tries to get the thugs to back off by reminding them that [[Perseus]] is a literal wizard, and that messing with them will get them killed.  Instead, they try to rob them and Perseus nearly blows them up.
> To avoid this, [[Melanion]] gives up [[Sfyri]]'s torc so that they will leave her alone.

- [[Cassandra]] admits to [[Sebastian]] that she lied to him so that she didn't have to admit to [[Melanion]] that she was planning to sneak out and see the wizard Zartanalos.
	- They go together to the wizard
	- He's hurt that she lied, but accepts that it happened and her word that it won't happen again.
- [[Cassandra]] meets Zartanalos
	- He's a fraud, he doesn't have any natural magic, but instead has been using Names to bind spirits to do things for him and give him the appearance of wizardly power
	- He is in a *whole heap* of trouble because he tried to Bind the entire fucking ocean, and the retribution (no fish, floods, no crops) is killing Enkavma
	- The Exarch and Archon are putting pressure on him to end the famine.  He is concerned that he is going to be killed if he doesn't produce results.
	- [[Cassandra]] agrees to help him without any prompting and also offers to help him escape the city.
	- They agree to meet again the next day for their prearranged meeting, pretending they hadn't already met.
	- [[Biblio]] and [[Sebastian]] both know the truth about her sneaking out to meet him.


