 - The party camps within sight of [[Enkavma]]
 - [[Cassandra]] convinces [[Sebastian]] to leave the camp at nightfall
 - [[Arkmagos Council#Sfyri of [Enkavma](../WorldNotes.md Enkavma)|Sfyri]] and [[Melanion]] practice spear fighting while discussing how best to aid the Archmage.  Sfyri is impressed by Melanion's willingness to fight through pain and his honest demeanor, she offers him the name of a helpful politician (Syntrofos) and a marker of her esteem, a golden bracer worth three cash dice.
 - During the sneaking out, Cass and Sebastian are caught by [[Biblio]], she swears upon the god Orkos, Lord of the Contract, that she will not do any politicking without Biblio being present, to preserve his oath to Trokos.  So satisfied, he allows them to leave camp.
 - Cass and Sebastian enter Enkavma, the gates are closed behind them.  They enjoy street food, then discover that the entire harbor district (including Sebastian's house) has been washed into the sea.  The remainder of their trip covers the Art Academy, Cass's uncle Limani's, and a stinky alley where they spend the night because they can't afford an inn room.
	 - Uncle Limani has a beautiful mural of the harbor on his house, and a painting of Cass's family.
	 - The next morning, they are removed from the alley by guards as the Archmage enters the city.
 - The caravan arrives at the gates without Cass.  Melanion gives a speech accepting the Archon of Enkavma's greeting.  He sets himself up as Cassandra's intermediary with the government of Enkavma.  His greeting doesn't go over perfectly. **+1 Ob to dealing with the government**
 - Cassandra is sneaking through the crowd to get close to the wizard [[EnkavmaNPCs#Zartanalos, the Wise|Zartanalos]].  He is inscribed with tattoos of the constellations, adorned with rich robes, and smells of exotic spices and gunpowder.
 - She is revealed to the crowd as the session closes.