- The party is brought into the City, Mel and the others see the flooded part of the city.
- [[Cassandra]] declines the Exarch's hospitality, ruffling the feathers of a functionary who reports directly to the Exarch.  She demands her independence, but at what cost?
- The functionary names [[Sebastian]] as the liaison to the Archmage from the Enkavman government while she is in the city.
- [[Cassandra]] goes to meet the Exarch
	- The Exarch declines Cassandra's offer of magical aid for the city (to avoid looking weak in comparison to Trokos)
		- [[Cassandra]] requests to speak with the wizard [[EnkavmaNPCs#Zartanalos, the Wise|Zartanalos]].  The Exarch allows it on the condition that she is present.
		- [[Cassandra]] reiterates her desire to stay away from the palace, but the Exarch at least convinces her to leave Percy, Melanion and Phaedra in the palace where Melanion can recover.
	- During the meeting [[Melanion]] attempts to draw the attention of Sfyri's friend Syntrofos.  He acknowledges Melanion's gesture and will make contact after the meeting.
- [[Melanion]] and Phaedra attempt to slip back into the Assembly undetected, but the Exarch spots them and keeps the Assembly from discussing anything sensitive (like the refugee situation)
- [[Cassandra]] heads into the flooded district to try and support the rebuilding efforts.  During a meeting with the heads of the Builder's Guild, Cassandra knocks down a nearby building scheduled for demolition using magic to prove her value.  The power is a little out of control and riles up the local Earth elementals.  The guild decides that they want to get the Exarch's approval before allowing the Archmage to help.
- [[Melanion]] smooths things over he and the Archmage's gaffes with the Senators
- On her way to 