---
tags:
  - BurningWheel
  - sessionNotes
  - BurningInns
---
# 20240125 Session Notes
**Strong Start:** [[Cassandra]] and [[Melanion]] reunite on the steps to Zartanalos' tower.  [[Melanion]] is paranoid about Zartanalos and wants to get into the tower behind them when they enter.
- [[Cassandra]] arrives at the tower to find [[Melanion]] already there.  She puts on her best face to make it look like she wasn't up all night reading Zartanalos' book.
> [!success] Forte - Ob 1 
> Cassandra looks as fresh as can be expected.
- [[Cassandra]] is substantially more relaxed than their first meeting, which puts [[Melanion]] on guard.  She proceeds to start immediately fibbing about not having met Zartanalos.
> [!fail] Falsehood - Ob 5 (BL) 
> Cassandra's lies are bad, which arouses everyone's suspicions
- The meeting with Zartanalos happens, Afterwards, [[Perseus]] points out to [[Cassandra]] that she is a terrible liar and is clearly hiding something.
- Cassandra doesn't want to tell him the secret, so [[Perseus]] tries to work it out of her
> [!fail] Persuasion - Ob 5 
> Perseus can't work it out of her
- [[Perseus]] and [[Cassandra]] have a moment.  [[Cassandra]] opens up about not trusting [[Melanion]] to run things for her, and her concerns that Mel is trying to control her.  [[Perseus]] argues against this, and also reveals that he also had considered going to [[Ouroboros]] to have them remove his magic.  They have a bit of a bonding moment.
- On the docks, [[Melanion]] attempts to talk up [[Cassandra]]'s accomplishments and to show the common folk how the Exarch is not allowing Cassandra to help.
> [!success] Oratory - Ob 4 
> [[Melanion]] gets the fishermen gossiping.  They will spread his story and produce a groundswell of support to put pressure on Enkavma's senators. This will take approximately 3 weeks to materialize.
^6b6553
- Later, [[Cassandra]] and [[Melanion]] reunite in the rooms.  Cassandra brings everyone up to date on the matter regarding Zartanalos.  There is some argument over the best way to handle Zartanalos.
- Seeing that there is a large amount of food being left for the Archmage's companions, [[Cassandra]] cracks a plan to take all of this food and sneakily deliver it to the people.
- [[Melanion]] wants the group to ask the [[EnkavmaNPCs#Thyra, Exarch of Enkavma|Exarch]] to help with the food distribution.  He expects that she will say no, allowing [[Melanion]] to continue to press his [[20240125#^6b6553|claims]].
- There is a debate over the right way to handle it, [[Phaedra]] sides with Mel, [[Perseus]] sides with Cassandra.
> [!fail] Persuasion - Ob 5 
> Cassandra is convinced to allow Melanion to try to go through the official channels first.
- [[Melanion]] goes before the Exarch, and inadvertently gets the Senators (led by [[EnkavmaNPCs#Others|Syntrofos]]) on his side.  They bully the Exarch into helping the Archmage with this.  In fact, the Exarch adds a wagonload of food to improve the effect of distribution.

> We're planning to kick off next session with some downtime to give Mel time for his wounds to heal.