---
tags:
  - sessionNotes
  - Sybil
date: 2023-12-27
---
# 20231227 Session Notes
**Location:** The Spanish Stronghold of Havana
*[[Sybil]] has discovered [[Juan Cardoza]]'s plan to invade Tortuga with an army of pirate hunters to deny her safe haven there.  She makes ready to flee with [[El Mapache]]'s crew in tow when the feared pirate hunter [[The Cannon|El Cañon]] catches up with her in the warehouses outside the Treasure Fleet's staging warehouse.*

- [[Sybil]] pushes a barrel of gunpowder out of the warehouse into the oncoming band of Hounds.  The barrel explodes, killing a number of them and shocking the rest.  The crew immediately rushes out hauling the wagon across the exposed square and using it for cover.
- It's slow going because the wagon is very heavy.
- 4x Veteran Hounds are left from the explosion (with 4 LB each)
> [!info] Veteran Hounds Lv 2
> **Might:** 1 **Daring:** 1 **Savvy:** 1 **Flair:** -1
> **Brawl:** 0 **Melee:** 1 **Ranged:** 1 **Defense:** 0
> **LB:** 9 **Careers:** Sailor 1 Soldier 1
> **Weapons & Armor**
> **Protection:** 0
> **Broadsword:** 1d6+2
> **2x Flintlock Pistol:** 1d6+1
- A fight ensues between the Hounds and Los Mapachistas, [[Sybil]] takes on two of the Hounds (using one as a human shield against [[The Cannon|Cannon]]) before leaping from the wagon to a cargo lift and from there onto the roof of the building where the sniper is shooting from.
- [[El Mapache]] follows the fighting pair onto the rooftop.
- After a botched attempt at Repartee and a telling blow from [[El Mapache]], [[Sybil]] throws herself and [[The Cannon]] from the roof of the building and disarms him, forcing him to surrender.
- The City alarm is raised as the crew moves the wagon of stolen goods across the town.  [[Sybil]] set fire to the treasure warehouse before escaping, so the guards are rushing about trying to put the fire out and aren't trying to keep them from escaping.  They reach [[El Santo del Esturion|Esturion]] as the gunpowder cache goes up. 
- [[Sybil]] realizes she's forgotten her sea chest and returns to the inn to get it.  She barely makes it back to [[El Santo del Esturion|El Santo]] before it departs.
- [[Misc NPCs#^0263ee|Hamish]] has an audacious plan to escape the Havana harbor before they are trapped, which is to get as close as possible to the Treasure Galleons knowing that the harbor batteries won't risk firing on the King's money.
- 

