---
tags:
  - sessionNotes
  - Sybil
date: 2023-12-26
---
# 20231226 Session Notes
**Location:** The Spanish Stronghold of Havana
*Sybil arrives in Havana as a sailor aboard a reputable Spanish merchant ship.  She is seeking the Royal Mail with an eye toward grabbing it before it is loaded in with the  rest of the treasure and delivered to Spain.*
- [[Sybil]] arrives in Havana and sees the Treasure Fleet already being loaded for the return trip to Spain, by her estimate she has less than three days to recover the letters before they're safely aboard and on its way to Spain
- She takes a bed at **El Hombre Grande**, a shitty dockside tavern
- After this, she stakes out the warehouse and sees it protected by around a dozen patrolling guards and officers.  The warehouse is a hotbed of activity as laborers load the last boats bound for the treasure fleet.  She decides to hire some high-class whores to distract the guards (leaving her **low on funds**.
> She scores a **MIghty Success** and chooses to hang on to the extra benefit provided by the whores
- In the warehouse, she spots a man bedecked in pistols watching the loading process.  This is *El Cañon*, the Pirate Hunter.
- [[Sybil]] inserts herself into the process by pretending to be a laborer and moving some of the mail.  She is eventually reassigned to a different job, but she doesn't know what they are asking her to do (her Spanish is not great).  She grabs the wrong thing and draws attention to herself.
- She decides to leg it rather than try to talk her way out.  El Cañon spots her as she moves and fires, nearly killing her.  She escapes from the room in the uproar (consuming her free advantage to ensure the guards are still 'tied up').
- Once she is away, The Cannon orders his Hounds to check the dockside inns for new arrivals that may have been shot.